on this week's special edition of wide
open throttle we bring you all the
hottest cars from the Geneva Auto Show
welcome to wide open throttle I'm Jesse
Lange excited to be bringing you
coverage of the Geneva Auto Show
Lamborghini has been making big waves on
this year's Auto Show circuit first the
Guyardo LP 550 - - Spyder debuted at La
then we saw the Guyardo
LP 570 - 4 Super Trofeo stradale
at Frankfurt now at the Geneva Auto Show
Lamborghini is introducing a new concept
car based on the beautiful Aventador to
find out about that and all the hot cars
will now go to Angus Mackenzie who's in
Switzerland with all the details thanks
Jesse you know I love the Geneva show
it's the first show of the European
season
it's compact only two holes and best of
all everyone's here all the car industry
executives and some of their latest cars
let's take a look at some of my
favorites I went to the launch of the
original Boxster in Germany in 1996 and
I loved that car it has a sweet little
two and a half liter flat six engine not
enough power to out drive the chassis
but oh boy what a chassis it was a
driver's - like like the best Miata you
have ever driven well the box is
grown-up for 2012 this particular
version much more masculine in its
styling and
to engines 2.7 liter flat 6 with 265
horsepower and of course the 3.4 liter
315 horsepower engine in the Boxster S
7-speed PDK transmissions are available
and with more emphasis on performance
and handling this box that is one of the
cars I'm most looking forward to driving
this year the Range Rover Evoque is of
course the Motor Trend sport utility of
the year but you haven't seen in a VOC
like this one yes it's a convertible
they chop the roof off and a VOC
three-door put in a folding top at the
back and voila a real SUV convertible a
very stylish one - now officially Land
Rover is saying this is only a concept
although it's built on a real of though
it's not planned for production yet but
that could change if there's enough of
customer demand and yes the United
States is being seen as one of the
biggest potential markets for this
vehicle so if you want to see in a vote
convertible just let us know will tell
the Land Rover well as you know last
week John Kerry didn't get to drive the
Bugatti Grand Sport Vitesse in South
Africa in fact none of the media are
going to drive this vehicle until May or
June this year
but began Abbas Wolfgang doer himer
let's slip an interest in fact when I
was talking with him earlier originally
began he was only going to build 300
barons in total but the convertible
version will extend the model run
another two years you Gary plans to
build a hundred and fifty Veyron
convertibles some will be this 1200
horsepower of the test version others
will have just 1,001 horsepower
also interesting is that DOMA confirms
that 16 cylinders and a thousand on one
horse car will be the minimum for any
future Bugatti the all-new galooby a
sedan 4-door fourth seat ultra luxury
high-performance vehicle is coming from
began in about two years time and yes
it's going to have 16 cylinders and
1,001 horsepower one of the most
controversial cars at Geneva this year
is Bentley's exp 9f is a concept vehicle
a giant SUV that will be built on the
next generation Audi q7 platform under
the hood it's a 6-litre w12 engine an
8-speed automatic drives all four wheels
a lot of controversy about the styling
of this vehicle here at Geneva a lot of
people think the front end is very ugly
that doesn't bother Bentley boss
Wolfgang door Homer because the company
has another set of front-end designs
that is going to be testing with
potential customers here in Geneva and
at the New York Show next month and at
the Beijing show the month after Doh
Homer says we will change the design
with customers wanted but he wanted to
make a statement with this car to really
provoked some comment and he certainly
done that
now this Lamborghini wasn't even
supposed to be here at Geneva
you see Lamborghini was going to show
its version of an SUV built on the same
next generation Audi q7 platform as the
Bentley concept but the Volkswagen AG
boys said no way we're not going to have
two SUVs fighting at this show so
Lamborghini instead turned up with this
extreme version of the Aventador the
event a Toyota now yota is a name from
Lamborghinis past and used to signify
stripped down almost race spread
specials for the road today yota stands
for extreme styling and this particular
car is a one-off because over two
million dollars to build and was paid
for by a wealthy Lamborghini customer
who wanted the ultimate Aventador I
think you'll agree he got exactly what
he paid for the star car of the Geneva
showed unquestionably the Ferrari
f12berlinetta there's been a crowd of
people around this car all day long and
no wonder with more than 720 horsepower
this is the most powerful production
Ferrari in history naught to 60 will be
just a shade under three seconds and
this is going to be spectacular to drive
you know there's an old saying that
racing improves the breed and when you
look at today's Formula one cars you
have to ask well is that really the case
with Ferrari yes it is this car features
and really advanced aerodynamics that
helped keep the car stable
give it more grip it's got active brake
duct cooling
it has of course the dual clutch
transmission superfast ships this power
is going to be one of the highlights of
2012 so there you have it
some of my favorites some of the most
interesting cars from this year's Geneva
show back to you Jessie thanks Angus
we can't wait for those cars to leave
the showroom floor so that we can get
behind the wheel and tell you everything
you want to know about them and remember
the New York Auto Show is coming up and
you can be sure we will be there that's
all for this week's edition of wide open
throttle we want to give a big thanks to
Lamborghini Beverly Hills for allowing
us to be surrounded by such decadent
cars I'm Jessie Lange and I'll see you
next time